Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
To all the Freelancers.
independant workers...
Blondie Maxwell never loses
You should add some colour.
Colour?
Yes. Red. yellow. green. Colour. Life.
You sure?
Yes. Add colour.
But it’s a death sentence.
not a birthday card.
Yes.
So?
Why don’t we keep it standard?
Classic. Black and white. Sober.
Colours would look kind of frivolous.
Add colour.
Add colour!
As you wish.
A bit cocky. wasn’t he?
He’s an outsider.
Nah…
Yup.
Knobhead.
I’ll tell Marie-Lou to sack him tonight.
What agency’s he from?
Genius Coder.
I’ll give him a shit score.
He’ll never work again.
Too right.
Good morning. gentlemen.
Maintenance sent me
to inspect your servers.
Sure. Last door on the right.
Right there.
Thanks. Good day.
Likewise.
Thank you.
Several hacking attempts this evening
on servers at Chronos Industries.
Since last week’s attacks
by the terrorist Boloch.
we are seeing an activity
spike in hacking networks.
They are now running
large-scale operations.
Did you read the last
report by the finance guy?
Yup. Slapdash if you ask me.
Who’s he? Not from here. is he?
Security forces are actively searching
the terrorist Boloch and his acolytes.
It was not uninteresting.
Spare me.
Chronos Industries says it is not worried
Sure. But efficiency metrics
on trends like that are tricky.
Hello?
And reassures its customers that they
will not be inconvenienced by. I quote.
Especially when the workshops are airtight.
Hello!
Hello? Who do you think you are?
Can’t you see we’re talking?
“the activities of marginal subjects
hankering after bygone days.”
You are a freelancer. an ant. a nobody.
So shut your big gob and…
Thursday 6:00pm
Place: Downtown Flat
Traffic sources comparison
Chronos wants to make death profitable
Was it worth it?
What's wrong?
Who is your source Alex?
You know I can't tell you
What is it?
The case of the millenium
Dark Chronos!
What's that?
A smartphone app
What does it do?
Imagine you want to get rid of me…
Tempting!
15 years of marriage. That's exhausting.
Well. this app allows you to order a hitman
to fullfill your wish
as simply as you would order a pizza.
a cab or toy boy
Dear humans. when are you going to wake up?
Is it public?
Non. it's hosted deep on
the sub layers of Chronos.
You only access it with sponsorship.
Chronos is behind all this?
I think so yes!
Then stop. we can't publish
Of course we can
Stephane. we can't go up against Chronos
Their legal department is a war machine.
I can't protect you. You will go to prison.
I won't back down this time.
If I have a shot at Chronos. I'm publishing
Once the article is online. i'm safe.
I need a passport. and train ticket out.
You want to leave?
Non. it's not for me
It's for a source.
A trainee from Chronos
She want's to talk.
but she's scared to death
I hope you know what you do
Thursday 6:30pm
Place: Restaurant Gergovia
N ice to see you!
Yes. have a seat.
You’re even more beautiful in real life.
That’s kind.
Good evening!
You ready to order?
I’ll have the vegetable sausage.
And you?
A burger.
Rare.
Coming up.
Well. so… My name is Sam.
And you?
What?
Well. I mean… What’s your name?
Blondie Maxwell.
Blondie
Is there a problem?
No. not at all.
What do you do for a living?
I’m a private eye.
Wow! That’s fab!
No. it’s not.
But I’m good at it.
So it's what I do now.
Now?
I’m onto a big fish now.
And a few gigs on the side.
But. when I find him.
I get the 3 million reward.
You after Boloch?
Everyone’s after Boloch.
I’m going to find him.
And voilà...
The vegetables and the burger.
Thank you.
And…
What else are you doing right now?
Just is shitty little job.
Tell me!
A wanker who hacked the CRNews website
Oh. yes. I heard about that.
You making progress?
Yep. Found him.
This can go two ways.
I drag you to the judge.
I get my pathetic reward.
you get 20 years.
The other option:
"Boloch - Dead or Alive"
I don’t know him!
I really don’t!
What are you doing here?
Who’s that?
Shit. Hector. I got here first!
Hector. you can’t do that!
He didn’t get the memo!
He’s my source! My source!
You can’t just turn up and take him!
Where is Boloch?
I swear I don’t know!
He uses my servers to send his
crypted text messages. That's it!
I couldn’t say no.
He’s a legend to me. a god!
Give me your phone!
Will he leave me alone?
Yeah.
You’re worthless. Sam.
Your reward’s not even 50.
Not much. even for me.
So I can go?
You joking?
You’re going to help me find Boloch.
Insufficient funds for €55 cheque cashed 27/02/2020
4:30 am on account XXX253. Rejection warning.
Your balance is €50.
You have 24 hours to supply funds.
You been here long?
Just arrived.
How’s your case going?
A dead end... for now.
What about your budget?
I’ll manage. don’t worry.
When I get the reward we’re out of here.
Hurry up. we’re running late.
No. Clara…
I don’t want to go.
Why?
I have nothing to wear.
look like shit. smell like shit.
Wear this.
I’ll look like…
A stunner!
I know you think you
won’t enjoy these parties.
It’ll do you good.
Ok.
Good.
NEW ASSIGNMENT
HOMICIDE
Fuck!
"The Investigation"
Thursday 8:00pm
Place: Downtown
I got your quote. Blondie.
It’s too high.
It’s the usual rate.
Sorry. you need to drop your rates.
Youngsters today cost half as much.
If you prefer a botch job…
Listen. I know what you think.
I’m saying this as a friend.
Quality doesn’t cut it anymore.
Nobody cares.
Drop your rate and do more jobs.
like everyone else.
How much d’you want to pay?
Say 250 and it’s yours.
If you don’t want it someone else will.
Shit.
Can you pay me an advance?
An advance on 250. You joking?
No. You’ll be paid when you finish.
as usual.
Analysing crime scene.
Victim: identification impossible.
Estimated age: 17.
Multiple fractures detected.
Bleeding detected.
Warning: Possible death:(
Oh really?
Possible rape.
Harvest DNA sample?
Running DNA analysis…
Analysis complete. DNA sample identified.
Accuracy: 99%.
See suspect profile?
No ADNlab credit.
Insufficient funds.
Fuck!
Command
Photo Match
Escort
Match: Charlotte Moon Baï
Alexandra
Thursday 8:45pm
Place: Apartment
"... young woman found
dead this evening..."
Charlotte is dead.
Your witness?
Stabbed at the hostel where I hid her.
Chronos
Of course.
Did you publish?
Yes. it's online.
I have nothing to fear anymore…
… It’s never easy to know.
Do you think they might have
wiretapped my classroom?
No. not classrooms. Really?
- I don’t think so.
What?
I don’t know. it was a bit too easy.
They guy leaves digital
footprints everywhere.
Everything points to him.
All the free-access data points to him.
No exceptions.
So? Don’t you love technology?
And the sperm?
That’s unbelievable.
The guy covers his tracks.
but leaves his gene pool in the victim…
And there’s no way that girl was an escort.
Shit. Blondie. what are you saying?
Give me another 150
and I’ll run the sperm DNA.
No way. If I give you 150 I’ll lose money.
120?
You want to get paid or not?
Yeah.
Then drop it.
We put him away and
you get paid in an hour.
My friends! Let’s think about
something else for two minutes…
Yes!
- Let's try to celebrate.
… To our reunion
- Thanks!
- Cheers!
In the eyes. no crossing!
What do you want?
Yes. almost done.
I’ll be there as soon as we close the case.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
Me too!
The receipt for your husband.
Please sign.
I need to call my lawyer.
Honestly. madam. I wouldn’t.
The case is solid.
Your husband is the only suspect
in an extremely serious crime.
He’s going down.
Call your insurance.
Cover as much of the fine as you can.
Do you have insurance?
Yes.
Good. Call now. Forward the receipt.
They’ll take all necessary measures
to provide adequate support.
Get back on your feet now. madam.
But Stéphane…
My sympathies.
Hardy?
Yes?
Can you pay me now?
Clara
Thursday 10:00pm
Art Galery
Well? Think you’ll survive?
Yes. don’t worry.
How’s it going?
Not bad.
I’ve sold a few.
The people seem happy.
I’m proud of you.
Thank you.
What’s wrong?
Nothing.
You thought he’d come?
No.
I mean. yes.
I really wanted to meet him tonight.
It would have been perfect.
You still writing to him?
A text message a day.
It’s like a diary.
He never answers.
He just sends me money.
Great relationship.
It’s pathetic.
Enjoy your party.
You're right.
"Execution Time"
Thursday 11:30pm
Place: Hostel Madeleine
Melville News
All the news. live.
with no interruption. 24 hours a day
Digital news network are in shock tonight:
The great investigation reporter
Stephane Maleb. from Medialeaks
has just been arrested for the
presumed murder of a prostitute downtown.
Maleb was known for his freedom of speech.
and the controversies he liked to trigger.
and he is now reaching the end of the line.
His unconventional methods. and doubtful
sources has always been denounced.
And we are just hearing right now...
that the medialeaks computer servers are being placed
under judicial control by the private judge Kleber.
and that the financial assets of the company
are being freezed until the end of the inquiry.
The end of an era!
Error 500 The page you are trying to
reach is unaccessible. Please try again.
You ran the investigation?
I didn’t kill her.
I didn’t rape her.
I didn’t even touch her.
Why didn’t you run the DNA test?
I can’t afford to.
They don’t pay me much.
And all the clues point to you.
I can’t help it.
What clues?
The escort account logs. For example.
You were the poor girl’s last customer.
She wasn’t an escort: she was my source.
I was investigating Chronos.
She wanted to testify.
Her father helped develop
the Dark Chronos app.
He was found dead too.
They want to muzzle me.
Dark Chronos?
You heard of it?
You have to help me.
If I go into this room.
we both know I won’t come out.
There’s nothing I can do.
- Yes. there is.
You can talk to judge Hardy.
try to convince him…
Run the DNA test.
A 12-year-old kid could see it’s a setup.
I know.
Are you freelance?
Who isn't?
What platform?
SmartMonkey? ClueMaster?
They all belong to Chronos Industries.
I don’t belong to anyone.
Let me guess: money problems?
Ask yourself this:
How would you have worked
the case if you weren’t broke?
Hey! Hi Blondie!
Hi Fabrice. You’re early.
Judge Hardy called me himself.
He wants this sorted immediately.
I’m begging you!
Right. all done.
Excellent report. Blondie.
Ah. Hello Fabrice.
Are you well?
Very well. your honour.
Thank you for coming so soon.
Of course.
Hardy!
I think we need to
review the investigation.
You talked to him. didn't you?
Yes. And he’s making some sense.
We need to check the DNA.
He’s playing you. Blondie!
It’s his job to play feeble minds.
No. I don’t know.
I think he’s telling the truth.
Blondie. I’m not paying for the DNA test.
I know. Just stay the sentence. Please.
Don’t ask me for that. goddammit!
You know I hate paperwork.
I’ll do the paperwork. promise!
Let me earn some money
back and I’ll pay for the DNA test.
Very well. Do what you have to do.
Thanks. Hardy. You won’t regret it.
But you will.
Don’t expect a recommendation after this.
What?
You heard me.
A bad score?
Blondie. do you really expect a good score
when you’ve done something like this?
Shit. Hardy. I’ll never
work again if you do that!
It’s your call. Blondie.
Blondie?
Sorry.
Blondie.
Blondie. I'm begging you.
I’m innocent. Blondie! You know it!
I can't.
Blondie!
PAT Fredericks
Thursday 12:30am
""And now. my today's guest!""
He’s a French Tech star.
a digital world high-priest.
welcome. Pat Frédericks.
Good evening. Melville.
Well. Pat.
what’s the secret of your success?
Well. listen. I’d say… humility!
More pixels.
More sound.
More power.
Yeah!
More transparent.
More lightweight.
The new zPhone 9 is now available.
Run and buy yours.
ZPhone. A decade of excellence.
In your pocket.
I’m Pat Frédericks.
Catch you soon.
Warning!
Your saturated fat intake is too high.
Just fuck off.
Modern litterature student.
Corinne Moon Baï - parent
Waitress at the Burdigala
Nothing Found
Chronos.
the dictatorship of Artificial Stupidity
Pat Fredericks appointed
CEO of Chronos Industry
Chronos is ruthlessly
attacking our way of life.
Chronos might have directly
appointed the new government
Chronos now owns 65% of the congressmen
Liberalization of the Education.
Health. Justice... what is coming next?
Chronos facilitate the
growth of private militias
Who runs Chronos?
Wanted. Boloch. Dead or Alive.
Hermann Boloch. Pat Frederick's associate in
2002. What was the role of future terrorist.
Your daughter is dead.
I'm sorry.
I need a signature for… You know.
That was Chronos.
What?
They got my husband.
and now my daughter.
Because they wanted to speak.
Speak about what?
Three Chocolattes! On me.
Want a Chocolatte?
Yes. Fab. Three Chocolattes.
Hang on.
Move it! I’m thirsty!
Just a minute. please!
Corinne Moon Baï
Waitress. Le Burdigala.
Service sucks.
I rate you 3/20. I like
the neckline plunge.
I’ll serve him.
Are you joking?
Is the son of a bitch going to
wait or does he want a smack?
Who do you think you are? Who are you?
Blondie Maxwell. private eye at…
Smart Monkeys!
I own it. I so own it.
You know who I am?
Of course.
So you know I flick a finger
and you never work again.
Your Chocolattes. dickhead.
Did you hear that?
You’ve got guts.
I like you. Blondie Maxwell.
Go away.
Now! Scram!
Here’s what I’ll do.
I’ll give you access to premium
jobs on Smart Monkeys.
No more shit gigs. Time for
cases in the posh neighbourhoods.
You’re rich. Blondie Maxwell.
Now you be nice and quiet and toe the line.
OK?
It’s “Yes. sir.”
You told me to be quiet.
Don’t piss me off. OK?
Tell me about Dark Chronos.
She’s batshit crazy. Brilliant. I love her!
This chap can destroy you with a finger
and you’re all like. “see if I care?”
She’s bonkers. I love her.
You?
I!
My fucking nose!
Shut the fuck up.
Blondie!
Boloch. How do you do.
Boloch?
You don’t understand. He’s the devil.
Himself!
My hand’s hanging in mid-air here.
It’s so very humiliating.
Blondie. come on! What are you doing?
Blondie!
Blondie. Fuck! What are
you doing? Fuck! Blondie!
Blondie. Blondie. Blondie!
Where’s that name from?
You’re not even blonde.
Why aren’t you running?
You mean because of him?
I reckon they’ll send the downtown militia.
We have about 5 minutes until they arrive.
Enough for a nice little chat.
I could arrest you.
Yes! Do it for fuck’s sake. Blondie!
That’s your dream. isn’t it?
So why don’t you?
I’ve been watching you for some time.
Blondie.
You’re not cut out for this job.
For this job. you need to be cold.
And determined.
Why are you watching me?
Because he’s sick in the head. he’s mad.
No!
Blondie. Blondie. kill him.
Kill him and i'll make you rich.
Change careers. Blondie Maxwell.
Mess up again and Clara will suffer.
Blondie!
You let him go?
It's the last time I
get you out of trouble.
THE HUNT
Friday 01:30am
Downtown
Death to Chronos!
Come on! Hit him harder!
Transfered message from B.
"Mach2 / Disneyland / Travolta"
MySpy+ Premium
GPS tracing activated
Verifying your subscription.
Message traced!
Kidnap alert
Pat Frédericks
Reward: €5.000
Call 12-25-25
Freephone
I got something hot on Boloch! Interested?
Pat Fredericks.
the french tech mogul
who was kidnapped a few hours ago
by the terrorist Boloch.
is still to be to be found.
His bio censors stopped to function
a few minutes after his abduction.
Be very careful what you say.
I flick a finger and get my reward.
Boloch!
Don't hold your breath. He's not dumb enough to
let his GPS tracker live. I mean... it's Boloch.
Processing...
Where’s that?
The port cinema.
What are you doing here?
Fuck.
Blondie Maxwell!
You did nothing!
Stood there like a twat and did nothing.
I will destroy you. you hear me?
Fucking destroy you!
That’s for making me wait.
I soiled myself.
I’m sorry. mate.
What did Boloch want?
The Chronos server coordinates.
All the servers. access codes.
my passwords…
I gave him everything.
I thought he’d kill me…
Mach2: Rendez-vous
Disneyland: Funfair
Travolta: Tonight
Alexandra Maleb.
I don’t understand.
The journalist's wife. She
knows Boloch. He is the source.
She is going to meet him at
the the funfair. Wiretap her!
She’s on the phone.
With who?
Encrypted number.
Got sound?
Coming up.
They came in. blasting the door.
hitting everyone and the took Stéphane
- Calm down
- I don't know where he is.
- Please Alex. calm down.
- We need to find him. How
the fuck could I calm down.
Help me please.
- Breathe
- I can't Breathe
- Listen to me for fuck sake.
Fuck me. it’s Boloch.
We need to find a solution.
- Oh. fuck.
- I can't help. There is no way.
- No I'm sorry.
- Yes you can
- No. no. no.
- We should never have listen to you
- Calm down. please calm down.
We should never have listen to you.
- Don't say that.
- You have to help me. Please!
- We can't leave him.
- I can't help you. I just can't.
- You know it's over.
- No
- It's the end. there is nothing we can do.
- They executed him. He is dead.
- No
I’m opening an arrest mission on her.
I have enough to take her down.
Can you locate him?
No. he scrambles everything.
The tracker is losing it.
- They're coming for me.
- I'm in danger!
Fucking museum phones.
I need the train ticket.
Traffic jams on the ring road.
The tactical team’s 15 minutes out.
OK. Stay on Alexandra.
He’ll call her back.
She’s moving.
Approaching.
Next left.
She’s right there.
I see her.
The squad’s nowhere near.
Back off. I’ve got her.
No caller ID. It’s him.
Plug me in.
Yes
The pillars by the river.
He hung up.
She’s heading for the river.
We’re there.
Perfect. It’s the ideal location.
The squad will be there any second.
We’ll pick him up on the stairs.
What?
He's calling back!
What did you say?
What?
- Boloch?
Got the tickets?
Yes
- What do yo mean?
- I'm sorry for everything.
You said it was the ideal location.
Sorry about Stéphane. and the girl.
- So?
It's all my fault.
- Why did you say that?
- Because the stairs are on the waterfront.
- Drop your phone
he tactical squad is coming on the waterfront.
- Your jacket. your bag
and run to the tramway as fast as you can.
What did he say?
- But...
Now. Alexandra!
Blondie. what’s going on?
It makes no sense.
Why go somewhere he’s so easy to catch?
Wait wait! What are you saying?
He can see us!
And hear you.
Well. Hector.
do you think you can catch me?
You came very close last time.
You know what I like about you. Hector?
Your loyalty.
You never let me go.
Blondie Talk to me!
He fucked us! He's at the ferris wheel. Your
men are coming from the wrong side of the fair.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
We’ve known each other
for what? 15 years? 20 years?
And you’re still on my arse.
Nothing personal.
I like to see a job well done.
You murdered my wife.
You. deep shit.
I found this rather personal.
It’s nearly over.
You don't understand. You never have.
You will never catch me.
You're far too studid for that.
I. on the other hand. know you very well.
I know all about you.
I know you IQ. your passwords.
your favorite meals.
I know you work for Pat Fredericks.
I know you work for Chronos.
You might be the world best Freelancer.
but there's nothing in your head.
I even know how fast you run.
And I knew that you would
rush into that bloody ferris wheel.
Danger. Explosive.
Fuck!
BOLOCH
Friday 04:00am
Place: the outskirt
Identify suspect?
Target approved
What do you want from me?
Fucking untie me!
Calm down and watch.
What?
The billboards.
It’s everywhere.
What do you want?
To fix a mistake.
What mistake?
Have you ever been in a polling station.
Blondie?
I’m too young.
At your age. I’d voted 6 times.
We stopped voting years ago.
And nobody noticed.
Nobody cares.
I don’t understand.
If nobody votes. who’s governing?
Chronos.
Who governs Chronos?
Nobody governs Chronos. Blondie.
Chronos isn’t a person.
It’s a machine.
An algorithm.
And you created it?
What happened?
I was working on an update
to humanise its judgement.
It was sometimes too radical.
too pragmatic.
I think that’s why it reacted.
What did it do?
One evening. I got home and
found my wife dead. A bullet in her head.
The police got there at the same time.
I barely had time to run and disappear.
Then I watched Chronos
extend its grip over our society.
take over our biggest companies.
our institutions.
all our screens…
And our minds.
That’s fucked up.
I created it to help us.
It analysed us.
And concluded that we
needed a nice fat dictatorship.
I’ve spent months trying to destroy it.
I’ve destroyed every known
server and it’s still running.
I don’t get it!
It will connect you to me soon.
I didn’t do anything.
You ask too many questions. Blondie.
You should run. leave the country.
I can’t afford to.
Get out of here.
I have a life here.
With that you can have
a life somewhere else.
Where?
Anywhere. As far away as possible.
Somewhere there are no connections.
There must be some left.
Boloch?
What?
Why are you protecting me?
Suspicious behaviour alert
We remind our valued passengers that smoking
is strictly forbidden in the station.
Clara. I have to…
Oh. no!
No. no. no. no. no!
I’ll call you back.
Dammit!
New assignment
Simon.
I’m busy. Medhi.
You need to learn to respect insiders. kid.
Simon.
For fuck’s sake. Medhi!
Premium Assassination Assignment
Tell me where Chronos is.
Akward!
Do you think it’s a bug?
I'd rather say it’s an analytics glitch.
Very well.
I presume you want to destroy it?
Blast it to hell.
Ok. well.
The thing is…
You’re not the first one.
Some guy torched our server last week.
We can prepare a room for you to blow up.
Chronos isn’t on an actual server.
Chronos is everywhere.
First Dark Chronos Assignment
Level 1. Easy target assassination.
Accept? Yes / No?
On telephones. tablets.
laptops. all connected objects…
Warning! Your alert keyword appears on
1 Dark Chronos assassination assignment.
Chronos uses every machine connected
to the network to keep on running.
Chronos has self-modernised.
Chronos is everywhere.
Chronos is indestructible.
Chronos predicts everything.
And Chronos is never wrong.
Can I have a word at least?
With whom?
Chronos…
You don’t seem to get
artificial intelligence.
It isn’t a malevolent entity with a
face and a voice. like in the old films.
It’s a program. an algorithm.
We can ask a question. a query if you wish.
Yeah. please do that.
Ask your question out loud.
Boloch created Chronos to help humans.
So why is it killing them?
That’s easy. I can answer…
Ask it!
Allright.
Chronos is programmed to generate
constantly increasing revenue.
PATRICIA
2 weeks earlier
Bank account: -55u
Chronos Housing Incoming call
Your presence by the
phone has been detected.
This is a legally binding
administrative call.
Answering is mandatory. You are being
automatically transferred to your caller.
Ms Bolivaro?
Miss… Yes.
Your rent is 2 months
late on your MonLoyer app.
We have sent you 5 notifications.
which you deliberately ignored.
You knowingly tried to avoid our calls.
Your phone logs will be used
as evidence in your case file.
This call is being recorded and
is legal proof of this notification.
Mummy. who is it?
It’s just that… Things are a bit tight.
I won’t be able to pay.
Madam.
I’m not calling to discuss the matter.
You have 15 days to pay your
debt or vacate the premises.
Or we will send the district militia
to evict you. forcibly if necessary.
Who was that?
Nothing. sweetheart.
Nothing at all.
OK. There’ no easy way to say this:
your profile’s unsuitable.
You have too much
experience and not enough.
How so?
Well.
you clearly trained as a PHP9 developer.
We need someone who knows ASPX2.
They’re similar languages.
I could figure it out.
I’m sorry.
We want an ASPX2 expert.
I swear I’ll figure out ASPX2.
I learnt all by myself.
So I’m very self-reliant.
That’s all very well.
But you have no ASPX2 experience.
You’re not listening.
Dad
Pick up for fuck’s sake!
Pick up!
Clara!
You’ve received a photo.
Dark Chronos
Level 1 mission completed.
Congrats!!! Reward: €500
Blondie Maxwell never loses
Friday 10:30am
Place: Gergovia Restaurant
Sell your undies
Uploading undies
Anyone?
DNA analysis available.
(Welcome. Blondie:)
You have subscribed.
1 DNA sample available.
Analyse?
Search DNA profile in database
Searching
DNA match
Charlotte Moon Baï Deceased
Epilogue
Friday 2:00pm
Place: Melville News Studio
You know. honey…
there’s only one way
to make it in this job.
What do you want to be?
An actress.
Actress?
It’s true you’re… gifted.
Guess what. I feel charitable today.
See me in my room after the show.
I’ll give you a nice shot.
That’s so kind of you. Mr Melville.
You move and he’s toast.
Stream me live from your camera. Hurry!
Do what she says. for fuck’s sake!
But boss...
- Shut the fuck up. film and stream.
Is it live?
Good.
Have you heard of Stephane Maleb.
the Medialeaks reporter?
No. of course you haven't
He died last night.
He died because he wanted
to bring the truth to you.
He died because of Chronos.
He died for nothing.
You know why?
I died for nothing.
because you don't give a shit.
Charlotte Moon Baï also died for nothing.
She risked and lost her life.
to inform you.
In the face of injustice.
she refused to remain silent.
She contacted a journalist.
she put her life in the balance.
and she lost.
And you don't give a shit.
You fool!
Of course. there will be one or two morons
among you to like the article.
Even share it.
It can bring you peace of mind.
to feel righteous.
And then what?
When you put a blue thumb on a vaguely
shocking video. what do you really pledge for.
You can share all the
anarchist videos you want.
you're safe.
as long as you buy Chronos products.
and as long as you
remain docile in your seat.
Nobody watched.
Whether you like it or not.
it's a dictatorship.
And not because of a megalomaniac general.
a mad billionnaire.
or some inhuman businessmen corporation.
No! It's a machine.
Chronos is a machine.
and we put it in charge.
by handing it over our personnal datas.
and by buying all the useless craps
it pours on us every fucking day.
Blondie
You never understood what we do. Blondie.
Our job is to make the world safer.
If that means sacrificing a little liberty.
it works for me.
It works for us all.
It’s a choice we make as a society.
That is the meaning of Chronos.
That is what this world is all about.
What you have done just now
is declare war on human society.
What can we do?
To Die?
Or to shut the fuck up?
Drop your gun!
I’m sorry. Blondie.
Execution order Death sentence
A job’s a job.
What are you going to do?
Nothing I guess!
You're right.
There is nothing you can do.
It doesn't matter.
I just had to say it.
Have you heard of Stephane Maleb.
the Medialeaks reporter?
He died last night!
He died because of Chronos.
He died for nothing.
Have you heard of Stephane Maleb?
Whether you like it or not.
it's a dictatorship.
He died for nothing.
- Chronos uses every machine connected
to the network to keep on running.
Chronos is a machine.
- Chronos is everywhere.
What did Boloch want with you?
The Chronos server coordinates.
I’ve spent months trying to destroy it.
All the servers. access codes.
my passwords…
I’ve destroyed every known server.
I gave him everything.
She's going viral.
Stop this. Shut her down!
Stop it now! This bitch
won't fuck me again.
The algorithm is heating up.
Stop the broadcast. Shut the
network down if you have to.
That would kill Chronos.
Then run a backup.
With which server?
I’ve destroyed every known server.
Boloch blasted them all.
Boloch... son of a bitch!
What can we do?
What are you going to do?